Minor paper modifications (#57)
firedrakeproject/checkpoint_schedules: docs/paper/paper.md

The use of adjoint calculations to compute the gradient of a quantity of
interest resulting from the solution of a system of partial differential
equations (PDEs) is widespread and well-established. The resulting gradient may
be employed for many purposes, including topology
optimisation [@papadopoulos2021computing], inverse problems [@Plessix2006],
flow control [@Jansen2011]. 

Solving the adjoint to a non-linear time-dependent PDE requires the forward PDE
to be solved first. The adjoint PDE is then solved in a reverse time
order, but depends on the forward state. Storing the entire forward state in
preparation for the adjoint calculation has a memory footprint linear in the
number of time steps. For sufficiently large problems this can exhaust the
memory of any computer system. 

In contrast, checkpointing approaches store only the state required to restart
the forward calculation from a limited set of steps. As the adjoint
calculation progresses, the forward computation is progressively rerun from the
latest available stored state up to the current adjoint step. This enables less
forward state to be stored, at the expense of a higher computational cost as

> forward steps are run more than once. Griewank and Walther (2000) proposed a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
forward steps are run more than once. @griewank2000algorithm proposed a
```
The JOSS instructions tell us to follow the citation style here: https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#extension-citations
If I read that correctly, just removing the brackets will produce a narrative citation.

checkpointing algorithm which is optimal under certain assumptions, including
that the number of steps is known in advance, and that all the storage has
equal access cost [@griewank2000algorithm]. Subsequent authors have produced checkpointing algorithms that relax these requirements in various ways, such as by accounting for

> different types of storage (e.g. RAM (Random-Access Memory) and disk) or by not requiring the number of steps to be known in advance, for example [@stumm2009multistage; @aupy2016optimal; @schanen2016; @aupy2017periodicity; @herrmann2020; @maddison2023; @Zhang_2023]. 

Reviewer: We should use consistent line wrapping.
